[Excel] (Custom Functions) Updates to AsyncStorage docs + save/state (#924)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-authentication.md

3. This website then returns an access token to the custom function.
4. Your custom function then sets this access token to the `Office.Storage`.
5. Your add-in's task pane accesses the token from `Office.Storage`.

![Diagram of custom function using dialog API to get access token, and then share token with task pane through the Office.Storage API.](../images/authentication-diagram.png "Authentication diagram.")

## Storing the token

The following examples are from the [Using Office.Storage in custom functions](https://github.com/OfficeDev/PnP-OfficeAddins/tree/master/Excel-custom-functions/AsyncStorage) code sample. Refer to this code sample for a complete example of sharing data between custom functions and the task pane.

If the custom function authenticates, then it receives the access token and will need to store it in `Office.Storage`. The following code sample shows how to call the `Office.Storage.setItem` method to store a value. The `StoreValue` function is a custom function that for example purposes stores a value from the user. You can modify this to store any token value you need.

> ```javascript

Reviewer: Might as well change this to ```js

---
ms.date: 04/23/2019
description: Authenticate users using custom functions in Excel.
title: Authentication for Custom Functions
---

# Authentication

In some scenarios your custom function will need to authenticate the user in order to access protected resources. While custom functions don't require a specific method of authentication, you should be aware that custom functions run in a separate runtime from the task pane and other UI elements of your add-in. Because of this, you'll need to pass data back and forth between the two runtimes using the `Office.Storage` object and the Dialog API.
  
## Office.Storage object

The custom functions runtime doesn't have a `localStorage` object available on the global window, where you might typically store data. Instead, you should share data between custom functions and task panes by using [Office.Storage](/javascript/api/office-runtime/officeruntime.asyncstorage) to set and get data.

> Additionally, there is a benefit to using `Office.Storage`; it uses a secure sandbox environment so that your data cannot be accessed by other add-ins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, there is a benefit to using the `Storage` object; it uses a secure sandbox environment so that your data cannot be accessed by other add-ins.
```
from here on I would just use "Storage object"

3. This website then returns an access token to the custom function.
4. Your custom function then sets this access token to the `Office.Storage`.
5. Your add-in's task pane accesses the token from `Office.Storage`.

![Diagram of custom function using dialog API to get access token, and then share token with task pane through the Office.Storage API.](../images/authentication-diagram.png "Authentication diagram.")

## Storing the token

The following examples are from the [Using Office.Storage in custom functions](https://github.com/OfficeDev/PnP-OfficeAddins/tree/master/Excel-custom-functions/AsyncStorage) code sample. Refer to this code sample for a complete example of sharing data between custom functions and the task pane.

If the custom function authenticates, then it receives the access token and will need to store it in `Office.Storage`. The following code sample shows how to call the `Office.Storage.setItem` method to store a value. The `StoreValue` function is a custom function that for example purposes stores a value from the user. You can modify this to store any token value you need.

> ```js

Reviewer 2: The following code sample also needs to change to use the Storage object.

}
```

When the task pane needs the access token, it can retrieve the token from `Office.Storage`. The following code sample shows how to use the `Office.Storage.getItem` method to retrieve the token.

> ```javascript

Reviewer: Might as well change this to ```js

}
```

When the task pane needs the access token, it can retrieve the token from `Office.Storage`. The following code sample shows how to use the `Office.Storage.getItem` method to retrieve the token.

> ```js

Reviewer 2: and this one should use Office.Storage. I would check all the code samples to be sure they got updated.
